Docs fixes (#2408)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/dev/setting-up-dev-environment.md

git clone git@github.com:solo-io/gloo.git
```

> Starting in 1.x, the Gloo codebase no uses go modules for dependency managament. However, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 1.x, the Gloo codebase uses [Go modules](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules) for dependency management. However, 
```
